[Music]
[Applause]
Terry Benedict locates all 11 members of
Danny ocean's gang demanding they return
the hundred and sixty million dollars
they stole from his casinos plus thirty
eight million dollars interest short by
half the group schemes to stage another
heist in Europe to avoid problems with
the United States authorities they are
tipped off by an informant named Matsui
about the location of the first stock
certificate ever after a complex series
of schemes they find the document has
already been stolen by the night fox
another master thief Europol detective
Isabel Lahiri is called in to
investigate the theft she realizes that
she gave rusty the idea of how to solve
a complication of the heist with a
description of a similar burglary
earlier during their relationship
surprising the group at their
accommodation she warns them that they
cannot beat the night fox or his mentor
the mysterious master thief Lamacq both
of whom excel in practicing the long con
she has been hunting both for years
Danny and his gang discovered the night
Fox is francois to lure a wealthy baron
who has a mansion on lake como to lure
and bites Danny to his mansion and
reveals that he had hired Matsui to
inform the gang about the certificate in
order to arrange the meeting with Danny
to lure is upset that Lamarck did not
describe him as the best thief in the
world and challenges Danny to steal the
Faberge Imperial coronation egg if Danny
and his gang win too low will pay off
the debt to Benedict Danny and his gang
begin to plan an elaborate heist to swap
the egg for a holographic recreation but
the engineer hired by the group
accidentally tips off Lahiri to their
presence and she captures most of the
gang on their first attempt
Linus comes up with a second plan
involving Danny's wife Tess posing as a
pregnant Julia Roberts in order to get
close to the egg and swap it
they are foiled by Lahiri and a
coincidentally present Bruce Willis and
the rest of the group are captured
Lahiri is told that they are to be
extradited to the United States Linus is
chosen first to be interrogated by the
FBI agent assigned to collect them it
turns out that she is his mother who
organizes the release of the whole gang
she points out to Lahiri that Lahiri
will face only retribution for forging a
signature on a Europol form to obtain
the necessary arrest warrants for
ocean's gang sometime later Danny and
tests returned to lers estate where he
reveals his glee at their failure to
lure claims to have stolen the egg at
night using his agility and martial arts
skills to evade the heavy security to
allure celebration is short-lived when
Danny Ravi
his group stole the egg while it was in
transit to the museum and to lure
realizes they were tipped off by Lamarck
a flashback reveals that Danny and rusty
had met Lamarck earlier when he revealed
his confidence trick intended to
humiliate tular and at the same time to
restore to himself the Faberge egg that
he had stolen years ago and then
returned following his wife's wishes
tiller is forced to admit Danny won the
bet and gives him the money for the debt
they pay back Benedict and promised not
to perform any more heist in his casinos
even as to allure himself is in the
background spying on Benedict rusty
takes Lahiri to a safe house that he
claims has been led to him by Lamarck
she is reunited with her father who was
revealed to be the man she has been
pursuing for years Lamarque
[Music]
you